{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Anxious\
(\'93Take a breath, take another. Try thinking about five things you can see right now, anything from a spot on the ceiling to your toes. Then think about four things you can hear wherever you are. What about three things you can feel, like the clothes on your back or the floor beneath you. Now, think about two things you can smell. Lastly think about one thing you can taste. If you need someone to talk to please call 
\f1 613-544-6424 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to speak to someone immediately. You can also contact Queen\'92s Counselling Services at 613- 533-6000. Please remember that you\'92re never alone.\'94)
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Depressed\
(\'93I\'92m sorry to hear that you\'92re having a bad day but try to make it a day. Put on some comfy clothes, feed yourself well and try to remember that you\'92re trying your best. If you need immediate help please contact 911 o
\f1 r 613-544-6424 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to speak to someone immediately. You can also contact Queen\'92s Counselling Services at 613-533-6000. Please remember that you\'92re never alone\'94)
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Stressed \
(\'93Take a step back and realize how far you\'92ve come. Please try not to be so hard on yourself and to remember how far you\'92ve come. If you\'92re having academic-related stress, please contact Queen\'92s Student Academic Success Services to learn how to manage your work-life balance at academic.success@queensu.ca or 613-533-6315. If your stress is not just academic 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
you can also contact Queen\'92s Counselling Services at 613-533-6000. Please remember that you\'92re never alone\'94)
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Homesick\
(\'93I know this sucks to hear, but it gets a little easier everyday. Try distracting yourself with hobbies or activities you enjoy and remember to stay in contact with your loved ones. Remember too that they are also thinking of you. Check out ways in which you can get involved with your faculty and make time to do things you enjoy. If you need someone to talk to please call 
\f1 613-544-6424 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to speak to someone immediately. You can also contact Queen\'92s Counselling Services at 613- 533-6000. Please remember that you\'92re never alone. \'94)}